ABBA, FATHER! WE APPROACH THEE

Abba, Father! We approach Thee
In our Saviors precious Name;
We, Thy children, here assembled,
Now Thy promised blessing claim;
From our sins His blood hath washed us,
Tis through Him our souls draw nigh,
And Thy Spirit, too, hath taught us,
Abba, Father, thus to cry.


Once as prodigals we wandered
In our folly far from Thee,
But Thy grace, oer sin abounding,
Rescued us from misery;
Thou Thy prodigals hast pardoned,
Kissed us with a Fathers love,
Spread the festive board, and called us,
Eer to dwell with Thee above.


Clothed in garments of salvation,
At Thy table is our place,
We rejoice, and Thou rejoicest,
In the riches of Thy grace;
It is meet, we hear Thee saying,
We should merry and be glad,
I have found My once lost children,
Now they live who once were dead.


Abba, Father! all adore Thee,
All rejoice in Heavn above,
While in us they learn the wonders
Of Thy wisdom, grace, and love;
Soon before Thy throne assembled,
All Thy children shall proclaim,
Glory, everlasting glory,
Be to God and to the Lamb!



ABIDE IN ME, O LORD

Abide in me, O Lord, and I in Thee,
From this good hour, oh, leave me nevermore;
Then shall the discord cease, the wound be healed,
The lifelong bleeding of the soul be oer.


Abide in me; oershadow by Thy love
Each half formed purpose and dark thought of sin;
Quench ere it rise each selfish, low desire,
And keep my soul as Thine, calm and divine.


As some rare perfume in a vase of clay,
Pervades it with a fragrance not its own,
So, when Thou dwellest in a mortal soul,
All Heavens own sweetness seems around it thrown.


Abide in me; there have been moments blest
When I have heard Thy voice and felt Thy power;
Then evil lost its grasp; and passion, hushed,
Owned the divine enchantment of the hour.


These were but seasons beautiful and rare;
Abide in me, and they shall ever be;
Fulfill at once Thy precept and my prayer,
Come, and abide in me, and I in Thee.



